README.md, before:

ESP8266-transparent-bridge
==========================

Absolutely transparent bridge for the ESP8266

This is really basic firmware for the ESP that creates a totally transparent TCP socket to ESP UART0 bridge. Characters come in on one interface and go out the other. The totally transparent bridge mode is something that has been missing and is available on higher priced boards.

Pros: 
* It works. Do you already have a serial project to which you just want to add WiFi? This is your ticket. No more dealing with the AT command set.
* You can program your Arduino over WiFi. Just hit the reset button and upload your sketch using avrdude's socket port, e.g.
```
avrdude -c avrisp -p m328p -P net:192.168.4.1:23 -F -U flash:w:mySketch.hex:i
```

Cons: 
* Zero run-time configuration support at this time. In order to use this firmware, you have to have already configured the module using the AT firmware, including what AP to connect to, etc.. When you install this firmware, it uses those settings.  Alternately, there is a config_execute function in user_main.c that can be enabled to do a compile time configuration.
* Unbuffered TCP writes. Each incoming UART character gets sent as a separate TCP packet. This could potentially impact performance, however, in my hands that hasn't been an issue.


Parts of this firmware are from the stock AT firmware and the esphttpd project.
Enjoy.

Flash command, e.g. w/ locations:
```
/opt/Espressif/esptool-py/esptool.py --port /dev/tty.usbserial-A603HRFF write_flash 0x00000 eagle.app.v6.flash.bin 0x40000 eagle.app.v6.irom0text.bin
```

Commit message:

updated documentation for the new remote configuration

README.md, after:

ESP8266-transparent-bridge
==========================

Absolutely transparent bridge for the ESP8266

This is really basic firmware for the ESP that creates a totally transparent TCP socket to ESP UART0 bridge. Characters come in on one interface and go out the other. The totally transparent bridge mode is something that has been missing and is available on higher priced boards.

Pros: 
* It works. Do you already have a serial project to which you just want to add WiFi? This is your ticket. No more dealing with the AT command set.
* You can program your Arduino over WiFi. Just hit the reset button and upload your sketch using avrdude's socket port, e.g.
```
avrdude -c avrisp -p m328p -P net:192.168.4.1:23 -F -U flash:w:mySketch.hex:i
```
* Optional by compile time defines:
 * Static configuration each time the unit boots from values defined in user/config.h.  Uncomment the following line in user/config.h:
```
#define CONFIG_STATIC
```
 * Dynamic configuration by remote telnet using +++AT prefixed commands. Enabled by default.  To disable, comment the following line in user/config.h:
```
#define CONFIG_DYNAMIC
```
The dynamic configuration commands are:
```
+++AT                                    # do nothing, print OK
+++AT MODE                               # print current opmode 
+++AT MODE <mode: 1= STA, 2= AP, 3=both> # set current opmode
+++AT STA                                # print current ssid and password connected to
+++AT STA <ssid> <password>              # set ssid and password to connect to
+++AT AP                                 # print the current soft ap settings
+++AT AP <ssid>                          # set the AP as open with specified ssid
+++AT AP <ssid> <password>               # set the AP as WPA with password
+++AT RESET                              # software reset the unit
```
Upon success, all commands send back "OK" as their final output.  Note that passwords may not contain spaces.  For the softAP, the mode is fixed to AUTH_WPA_PSK.

Cons: 
* Unbuffered TCP writes. Each incoming UART character gets sent as a separate TCP packet. This could potentially impact performance, however, in my hands that hasn't been an issue.


Parts of this firmware are from the stock AT firmware and the esphttpd project.
Enjoy.

Flash command, e.g. w/ locations:
```
/opt/Espressif/esptool-py/esptool.py --port /dev/tty.usbserial-A603HRFF write_flash 0x00000 eagle.app.v6.flash.bin 0x40000 eagle.app.v6.irom0text.bin
```
